README.md, before:

# Welcome to the Bellabeat Data Analysis Case Study!

In this case study, I performed various real-world tasks as a junior data analyst at Bellabeat, a high-tech manufacturer of health-focused products for women. Throughout this study, I analyzed smart device data to gain insights into how consumers are using non-Bellabeat smart devices. These insights was applied to one Bellabeat product to guide the marketing strategy for the company.

## Case Study Overview

Bellabeat is a successful small company with the potential to become a larger player in the global smart device market. As a member of the marketing analyst team, I was assigned the task of analyzing smart device fitness data to identify new growth opportunities for the company.

## Objectives

My main objectives are as follows:

1. Identify trends in smart device usage.
2. Apply these trends to Bellabeat customers.
3. Utilize these trends to influence Bellabeat's marketing strategy.

## Case Study Roadmap - Ask

### Key Tasks

1. Identify the business task: My primary task is to analyze smart device usage data and discover insights that can help improve Bellabeat's marketing strategy.
2. Consider key stakeholders: Keep in mind the various stakeholders in Bellabeat, such as the executive team, marketing team, and customers, whose interests and requirements need to be considered throughout the analysis.

### Deliverable

A clear statement of the business task that outlines the objectives and questions that will guide my analysis.

## Dataset

I used a public dataset from Kaggle ([FitBit Fitness Tracker Data](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/arashnic/fitbit)) containing smart device usage data, and my task is to extract meaningful information from it to answer the guiding questions.

## Presentation

At the end of this case study, I presented my analysis to the Bellabeat executive team. My presentation include:

1. An overview of the trends in smart device usage.
2. How these trends can be applied to Bellabeat customers.
3. High-level recommendations for Bellabeat's marketing strategy based on the insights gained from the analysis.

Commit message:

finish project and export as md file

README.md, after:

# Welcome to the Bellabeat Data Analysis Case Study!

In this case study, We performed various real-world tasks as a junior data analyst at Bellabeat, a high-tech manufacturer of health-focused products for women. Throughout this study, We analyzed smart device data to gain insights into how consumers are using non-Bellabeat smart devices. These insights was applied to one Bellabeat product to guide the marketing strategy for the company.

## Case Study Overview

Bellabeat is a successful small company with the potential to become a larger player in the global smart device market. As a member of the marketing analyst team, We was assigned the task of analyzing smart device fitness data to identify new growth opportunities for the company.

## Objectives

Our main objectives are as follows:

1. Identify trends in smart device usage.
2. Apply these trends to Bellabeat customers.
3. Utilize these trends to influence Bellabeat's marketing strategy.

## Case Study Roadmap - Ask

### Key Tasks

1. Identify the business task: Our primary task is to analyze smart device usage data and discover insights that can help improve Bellabeat's marketing strategy.
2. Consider key stakeholders: Keep in mind the various stakeholders in Bellabeat, such as the executive team, marketing team, and customers, whose interests and requirements need to be considered throughout the analysis.

## Dataset

We used a public dataset from Kaggle ([FitBit Fitness Tracker Data](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/arashnic/fitbit)) containing smart device usage data, and our task is to extract meaningful information from it to answer the guiding questions.

### Deliverable

A clear statement of the business task that outlines the objectives and questions that will guide our analysis. Here is our [final project document](./Code/data_analysis.md)
